feat(contribute): update for tests (#275)
amber-lang/amber: CONTRIBUTING.md

### 4. Tests
Amber uses `cargo test` for tests. `stdlib` and `validity` tests usually work by executing amber code and checking its output.

> We have [`validity tests`](src/tests/validity.rs) to check the compiler, [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) and [`CLI tests`](src/tests/cli.rs).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [`validity tests`](src/tests/validity.rs) to check if the compiler outputs a valid bash code, [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) and [`CLI tests`](src/tests/cli.rs).  
```

> The majority of `stdlib` tests are Written in pure Amber in the folder [`tests/stdlib`](src/tests/stdlib), for every test there is a `*.output.txt` file.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of `stdlib` tests are Written in pure Amber in the folder [`tests/stdlib`](src/tests/stdlib). For every test there is a `*.output.txt` file that contains the expected output.
```

Any test will be executed without the need to compile again Amber, will load the Amber scripts and check for the output in the dedicated file to pass the test.

> A part of those tests like for `download` require Rust to load a web server, so there is another folder [`tests/stdlib/no_output`](src/tests/stdlib/no_output) that include just the Amber script, the output is inside the [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tests, such as those for `download`, require Rust to load a web server. Therefore, there is a separate folder [`tests/stdlib/no_output`](src/tests/stdlib/no_output) that contains only the Amber script. The output is located in the [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) file.
```

> Some tests, such as those for `download`, require Rust to load a web server. Therefore, there is a separate folder [`tests/stdlib/no_output`](src/tests/stdlib/no_output) that contains only the Amber script. The output is located in the [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) file.

Reviewer 2: some tests require a web server -> so there is a separate folder for them

is it just me or there is no logic here?

Author: I was thinking that it was clear that some requires some other stuff.

Reviewer: @b1ek you're right. It feels off. Let's change it to:
```suggestion
Some tests require additional setup, such as those for `download` that needs Rust to load a web server. These functions require special tests written in Rust that we can find in [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) file. The designated directory where to store the amber files is located in [`tests/stdlib/no_output`](src/tests/stdlib/no_output). These tests do not coexist with `.output.txt` files hence the name of this folder.
```
